Hi, I am Sumesh Mohanty, a 17 years old Computer Engineering Student.

After Passing Out from 10th Grade in 2020, I  got admission in Vivekananda Education Society's Polytechnic, one of the top institutes for Diploma in Engineering. Therein I got very fond of Programming And Web Development. However, being heavily passionate for Mathematics, I stayed dedicated to Mathematics everytime. Some Major areas of my expertise are

I believe "Hard Work, Will Power And Dedication - For a person with these qualities, the Sky is the Limit" - Quoted By Late Legendary Indian Sprinter Milkha Singh. I always stay dedicated to my goals in life and follow the words of my supreme inspiration. 

I am currently a Polytechnic student at VES Polytechnic focusing majorly on concepts such as "Data Structures", "Web Development", "DBMS" and many more.































-- is a director of brand marketing, with experience managing global teams and multi-million-dollar campaigns. Her background in brand strategy, visual design, and account management inform her mindful but competitive approach. Madison is fueled by her passion for understanding the nuances of cross-cultural advertising. She considers herself a ‘forever student,’ eager to both build on her academic foundations in psychology and sociology and stay in tune with the latest digital marketing strategies through continued coursework.

Her hunger for knowledge and determination to turn information into action has contributed to her most recent success at Rockwell Group, where she led international, award-winning campaigns for heavy-hitting brands, such as Puma, Gucci, and Rolex. Meanwhile, she vastly improved the productivity of her team by implementing strategic project management methods and ensuring a work-life balance for her department.

Madison believes mindfulness in the workplace is key to success - a tenet she lives out through her interests in yoga, meditation, gardening, and painting. Madison is currently working as a freelance marketing director and is always interested in a challenge. Reach out to madisonblackstone@gmail.com to connect!


--

Madison Blackstone is a director of brand marketing, with experience managing global teams and multi-million-dollar campaigns. Her background in brand strategy, visual design, and account management inform her mindful but competitive approach. Madison is fueled by her passion for understanding the nuances of cross-cultural advertising. She considers herself a ‘forever student,’ eager to both build on her academic foundations in psychology and sociology and stay in tune with the latest digital marketing strategies through continued coursework.

Her hunger for knowledge and determination to turn information into action has contributed to her most recent success at Rockwell Group, where she led international, award-winning campaigns for heavy-hitting brands, such as Puma, Gucci, and Rolex. Meanwhile, she vastly improved the productivity of her team by implementing strategic project management methods and ensuring a work-life balance for her department.

Madison believes mindfulness in the workplace is key to success - a tenet she lives out through her interests in yoga, meditation, gardening, and painting. Madison is currently working as a freelance marketing director and is always interested in a challenge. Reach out to madisonblackstone@gmail.com to connect!